<h2>GIMP for Mac OS X</h2>

<p>
Since the 2.8.2 version GIMP runs on OSX natively. No X11 environment is required.
</p>

<h3>Native builds</h3>

<p>Currently there are two main installers:</p>

<p>
  A GIMP 2.8 DMG installer by Clayton Walker, stock GIMP build without any add-ons. 
  Just open the downloaded DMG and drag "GIMP.app" into your "Applications" folder.
</p>

<ul>
<li><a href="http://ftp.gimp.org/pub/gimp/v2.8/osx/gimp-2.8.10-dmg-1.dmg">Download GIMP 2.8 from gimp.org</a>. Also available via <a href="ftp://ftp.gimp.org/pub/gimp/v2.8/osx/gimp-2.8.10-dmg-1.dmg">FTP</a></li>
</ul>

<p>
  A build by <a href="http://gimp.lisanet.de/">Simone Karin Lehmann</a>, with some extra plug-ins and changes.
</p>
 
<ul>
<li><a href="http://gimp.lisanet.de/Website/Download.html">Download GIMP 2.8 from lisanet.de</a></li>
</ul>

<h3>Macports</h3>

<p>A (easy?) way to compile and install GIMP and other great <a
href="http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html">Free software</a> on your Mac
is by using <a href="http://www.macports.org/">Macports</a>. The installer
allows you to choose from a large directory of packages. To install gimp
using Macports, you simply do <code>sudo port install gimp</code> once you have
Macports installed.</p>

<p>Disclaimer: we have not investigated if it's feasible to build
GIMP 2.8 from Macports. The <a
href="https://trac.macports.org/browser/trunk/dports/graphics/gimp/Portfile">GIMP
port file</a> mentions 2.8.10, and appears to be maintained, however.</p>

<ul>
  <li><a href="http://macports.org">Download Macports</a>.</li>
</ul>


<h3>Homebrew</h3>

<p>Homebrew is similar to Macports and provides packages (aka formulas) to
install, either by compiling them from source or by using pre-made
binaries. While there appears to be no formula for GIMP itself, there are
reports that all dependencies are available and.</p> 

<ul>
  <li><a href="http://brew.sh">Download Homebrew</a>.</li>
</ul>


<h3>Fink</h3>

<p>Fink is a package repository that offer mostly precompiled
  binaries. It provides the apt-get command known to e.g. Debian and
  Ubuntu users, and installing GIMP is as easy as <code>sudo apt-get 
    install gimp</code> once you have installed the <a
    href="http://www.finkproject.org/download/index.php">Fink
    installer</a>.<br/>
  If there's no binary package, then <code>fink install gimp</code>
  will compile GIMP from source.</p>

<p>Disclaimer: we have been able to determine if it is possible to install or build
GIMP 2.8 from Fink. GIMP 2.6.12 appears to be the most recent <a
href="http://pdb.finkproject.org/pdb/browse.php?summary=gimp 
">GIMP package</a> that is <a
href="http://pdb.finkproject.org/pdb/package.php/gimp2">offered there</a>.</p>  

<ul>
<li><a href="http://www.finkproject.org">Download Fink</a>.</li>
</ul>
