<!--#include virtual="/includes/wgo-xhtml-init.xhtml" -->
<title>GIMP - Development GIMP Splash Contest</title>
<!--#include virtual="/includes/wgo-look-feel.xhtml" -->
<style type="text/css">
table.todo p {
  margin: .5em 0 0 0;
  padding: 0 0 0 0;
}

table.todo {
  font-size: small;
  font-weight: normal;
  text-align: justify;
  vertical-align: top;
}

table.todo th {
  border-bottom: medium double black;
}

table.todo > tbody > tr {
  border: 1px solid red;
}

table.todo > tbody > tr > td {
  border-bottom: 1px solid black;
  vertical-align: top;
  font-weight: bold;
  padding: 0 0 0.5em 0.5em;
}

table.todo > tbody > tr > td + td{
  border-bottom: 1px solid black;
  font-weight: normal;
}

table.todo > tbody > tr > td + td + td{
  border-bottom: 1px solid black;
  font-weight: normal;
}
</style>
<!--#include virtual="/includes/wgo-page-init.xhtml" -->

<table class="todo" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0"><tbody>
    <tr><th>Status</th><th>Who</th><th>What</th><th>Description/Discussion</th></tr>
    <tr><td>Done<br/>no install</td><td>Helvetix</td><td></td><td>
        A crontabs directory in CVS is fine, it should be put in
        install.exclude, and install.sh modified to put them in the
        right place.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Future</td>
      <td>Brix, Helvetix</td>
      <td>Table-less layout</td>
      <td>
        getting rid of the tables in the design would be good, I
        think.  Helvetix has made an example of how this could be
        done. Take a look at: contest/indexhtml Helvetix also wrote a
        <a href="http://oak.mysterious.org/~helvetix/Notes/wgo-layout.xhtml">document</a>
        on how this new layout could be used:
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Done</td>
      <td>Helvetix</td>
      <td>about/ChangLogs/:</td>
      <td>
        Changelog.pl: the wgo2 wrapper needs to be stripped from this
        script and replaced with &lt;pre&gt;&lt;/pre&gt; tags as the
        only people who read these for real will probably get pissy
        with the nice html.  this is the ChangeLog from the current
        stable tarball.
        <br />
        the rest  of the script needs to be written for the remaining ChangeLogs
        <br />
        it would be nice if this could be rewritten in python so it can
        easily be added to the rest of the web-making stuff.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>about/authors.html</td>
      <td>
        This page is perfect.  However it was generated from a script
        that apparently wasn't committed.  I might have the script,
        someone else might have the script but until the script is
        located and commited, this page will need to be made so that
        it will automatically be gernerated from a gimp source tree on
        command.
        <p style="font-style: italic;">
          What's the status on this?  A build of the gimp produces the
          file <tt>authors/contributors</tt> and this file can be used
          as input to wgo/about/authorsgen.pl to produce
          <tt>authors.html</tt> -- Helvetix
        </p>
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>about/awards.html</td>
      <td>
        This page needs to be compiled.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>about/history.html</td>
      <td>
        This page needs to be compiled.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>about/index.html</td>
      <td>
        The rest of the html in the about directory needs to be completed. 
        <p>
        The mail list archives need to be searched for news worthy items to fill in
        the GIMP in sections.  I know that much of this is there.
        </p>
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>about/introduction.html</td>
      <td>
        Complete rewrite would suit me fine.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>about/mediakit.html</td>
      <td>
        Needs to be rendered useful by someone who knows what the
        media would need to have here.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>about/screenshots.html</td>
      <td>
        I stole a gif from simon of all of the menu tree.  Other
        screenshots can prolly be extracted from the docs.  Someone
        who understands docbook might look into this or someone can
        talk to the gimp-doc people.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>done</td>
      <td>Carol</td>
      <td>about/splash-1.1.html</td>
      <td>
        done.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>done</td>
      <td>Carol</td>
      <td>about/splash-1.3.html</td>
      <td>
        Done this far in time.  A script can be written that takes the
        latest splash out of the tarball and rewrites the page, saving
        the question mark one as the next tarball image ...
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>done</td>
      <td>Carol</td>
      <td>about/splash-1.3.html</td>
      <td>
        Done this far in time.  A script can be written that takes the latest splash out
        of cvs and rewrites the page, saving the question mark one as the next 
        CVS version ...
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>done</td>
      <td>Carol</td>
      <td>about/splash-stable.html</td>
      <td>
        Done this far in time.  Can prolly just be hand entered there
        when the time is right.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>done</td>
      <td>Carol</td>
      <td>books/index.html</td>
      <td>
        Done this far in time.  I don't yet know of a good way for the
        gimp authors to communicate with the web team.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>bugs/index.html</td>
      <td>
        I have no idea what should be done for this document.  Perhaps
        raphael could handle some content.  Maybe bex's howto could be
        altered.  Some of those insta-bugzilla page links might be
        nice.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>done<br />archiving not done</td>
      <td>Helvetix</td>
      <td>contest/index.html<br />
        contest/archives/index.html
      </td>
      <td>
        Contest. People upload their potential splash images. when a
        new tarball is released, the collection is archived and a new
        one begins.  The whole thing needs to be made.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>development/index.html</td>
      <td>
        I suggest letting the developers determine what goes here.
        urls, suggestions on how to contribute, links to bug lists.
        what have you.  Non-dynamic information then let the
        interested developers play on developer.gimp.org where all is
        forgiven if it goes alittle stale.  This page should start out
        stale.  Easy to maintain that way.
   
        The last 10 ChangeLog entries from any gimp project that has
        annon cvs access.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>docs/cookbook/</td>
      <td>
        Some outline and a place to upload nice little gimp script
        pieces.  This was nomis and akks very good idea, and should be
        implemented.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>docs/developer_docs/</td>
      <td>
        I need to figure out how to get these to build on my computer
        and then i will know how to get them to the web page.  They do
        build for people?
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>docs/gimp-help/</td>
      <td>
        Needs to be put into place.  Would be nice to figure out a way
        to update it every time there is a new gimp tarball.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>done</td>
      <td></td>
      <td>docs/gimp-print/</td>
      <td>
        Put into place.  Would be nice to figure out a way to update
        it every time there is a new gimp-print tarball.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>done</td>
      <td>Carol</td>
      <td>docs/gimp-python/</td>
      <td>
        Put into place.  I am assuming this will be included with the
        future gimp documentation. So this is done.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>done</td>
      <td>Carol</td>
      <td>docs/scheme_plugin/</td>
      <td>
        Put into place.  A one time document. We are lucky to have it. Finished.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>links/index.html<br />
        includes/url-*.inc
      </td>
      <td>
        This has a good start.  More little packets of urls need to be
        created and then used on all of the web pages.  Like a little
        packet describing brush tutorials can go here and on the brush
        resource page. etc.  These are free easily maintainable urls.
        wow!  It just needs to be loaded up.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>macintosh/index.html</td>
      <td>
        Maybe jyon, akk or patti could throw a little something on
        here.  We can add to it and improve it via bugzilla as is
        called for.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td>done</td>
      <td>scizzo</td>
      <td>
        mail_lists.html<br />
        url-gimp-maillists.inc
      </td>
      <td>
        Better list descriptions and more lists, but otherwise 'tis
        beautiful
	<p style="font-style: italic;">
	Is there more mailinglists that could be put here? -- scizzo
	</p>
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>os2/index.html</td>
      <td>
        I will go through the archives, find some urls and reiterate
        info about the maillist.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>resources/</td>
      <td>
        These pages need to be autogenerated from the gimp itself.  I
        am using python. I am having some problems reading them two at
        a time.  I want to write these.  Leave them be.  Unless you
        have a quick clue about how to use the damn range(bleh)
        function.
        <br />
        Perhaps the page could suggest that other who want to share
        resources go to bugzilla.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>resources/brushes/index.html</td>
      <td>
        After i get the page to render properly (two at a time, not
        half and then the other half)  I would like to add a page of
        additional brushes, as i always liked to download a little
        something or other when visiting a software site.  I will need
        to be able to read the gimprc for that.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>resources/gradients/index.html</td>
      <td>
        After i get the page to render properly (two at a time, not
        half and then the other half) i would like to add a page of
        additional gradients, as i always liked to download a little
        something or other when visiting a software site.  I will need
        to be able to read the gimprc for that.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>resources/patterns/index.html</td>
      <td>
        after i get the page to render properly (two at a time, not
        half and then the other half) i would like to add a page of
        additional patterns, as i always liked to download a little
        something or other when visiting a software site.  i will need
        to be able to read the gimprc for that.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>resources/palettes/index.html</td>
      <td>
        This one needs to be written.  Will be tricky.  I need to know
        the size of the darn dialog window for the croping of the
        screenshot.  Same thing about using the gimprc to find the
        palettes located only in ~.gimp-1.2/palettes.  And, this will
        be complicated with the gradients.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td>scizzo</td>
      <td>tutorials/</td>
      <td>
        Scizzo has a schedule for this and is following it.
        <p>
        I feel that the screenshots should only be resized when
        necessary.  I think the original screenshots should be
        maintained as often as possible, due to the nature of the
        tutorials.  To make the screenshots follow the doc rules means
        to make at least one part of one of the tutorials not apply,
        for instance.  My window manager sends information to the
        window decoration.  I think this is significant as i never
        told it to (percentage of view and mode) but have always
        appreciated the info occuring there.
        </p>
        <p>
        A style needs to be determined for the weird tables in the
        perlotine tutorial.
        </p>
        <p>
        The rest of the authors need to be contacted and a collection
        of "permission granted" emails should be compiled.
        </p>
	<p style="font-style: italic;">
	No new screenshots, tables, authors permission and image fixes. 
	Otherwise I feel that this is done. -- scizzo
	</p>
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>unix/</td>
      <td>
        This section needs some love.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>unix/INSTALL</td>
      <td>
        Perhaps this should be broken down into "Installation
        Instructions" and then offer INSTALL (as copied from the
        current tarball) and HACKING (copied daily from CVS).  README,
        README.i118, README.perl also.  These scripts need to be
        written.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>unix/gimprc*, gtkrc*</td>
      <td>
        Extra tips and explanation can and should be added to this.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>unix/howtos/</td>
      <td>
        Fonts would be good.  Window managers would also be good,
        especially since future gimps rely on good window manager
        management.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>unix/howtos/cvs-stable.html</td>
      <td>
        This document should be split into getting gimp* from cvs and
        compiling gimp*
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>unix/howtos/cvsrc</td>
      <td>
        This needs to be fixed so that it doesn't cause redhat users
        problems.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>unix/howtos/gimpenv</td>
      <td>
        this script needs to be finished and documented here (prolly
        in the compiling) a similar script might be written to set the
        cvs flags properly.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td>Helvetix</td>
      <td>unix/man*-1.2.html</td>
      <td>
        This will probably not be changing. But it would still be nice
        to build a script that will auto-generate this with each new
        tarball to be ready for the 1.4 site.
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>unix/tile-cache.html/</td>
      <td>
        Perfect. Needs some evil formulas to be complete.  
        <p style="font-style: italic;">
          What formulas are needed? -- Helvetix
        </p>
      </td></tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>windows/</td>
      <td>
        I dunno. I don't want to even look at this now.  Maybe i can
        get becky to use this page to download and use WINGimp and see
        how that goes.
      </td></tr>
  </tbody></table>
<!--#include virtual="/includes/wgo-page-fini.xhtml" -->
<!--#include virtual="/includes/wgo-xhtml-fini.xhtml" -->
